Before moving onto the main program,
you should take some time to set up
your development environment and fill in any gaps you might have with Python.
We'll be making heavy use of NumPy, matplotlib,
and pandas, libraries that are staples of the Python data toolkit.
If you haven't worked with these before,
I suggest taking our intro to Data Analysis Course.
Anaconda is a popular package in environment manager built specifically for data science.
It's the easiest way to install and
manage all the libraries you'll need for this program.
And finally, a lot of the work here will be done using Jupyter notebooks.
Notebooks or documents that live in your browser,
it combine text, code,
and images all in one place.
These are by far my favorite tool when working on Data Projects.
And you should take time to learn how to use them effectively.